# Code Book
## Getting and Cleaning Data Course Project

1. **activity**: Activity performed during the measurement
  
    * WALKING
    * WALKING_UPSTAIRS
    * WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS
    * SITTING
    * STANDING
    * LAYING

2. **subject**: An identifier of the subject who carried out the experiment *(1..30)*

3. **tBodyAcc.mean.X**: Mean of the body acceleration on the X axis *(m/s^2)*

4. **tBodyAcc.mean.Y**: Mean of the body acceleration on the Y axis *(m/s^2)*             

5. **tBodyAcc.mean.Z**: Mean of the body acceleration on the Z axis *(m/s^2)*              

6. **tBodyAcc.std.X**: Standard deviation of body acceleration the on the Y axis *(m/s^2)*             

7. **tBodyAcc.std.Y**: Standard deviation of body acceleration the on the Y axis *(m/s^2)*              

8. **tBodyAcc.std.Z**: Standard deviation of body acceleration the on the Z axis *(m/s^2)*              

9. **tGravityAcc.mean.X**: Mean of the gravity acceleration on the Y axis *(m/s^2)*           

10. **tGravityAcc.mean.Y**: Mean of the gravity acceleration on the Y axis *(m/s^2)*           

11. **tGravityAcc.mean.Z**: Mean of the gravity acceleration on the Z axis *(m/s^2)*           

12. **tGravityAcc.std.X**: Standard deviation of the gravity acceleration on the Y axis *(m/s^2)*            

13. **tGravityAcc.std.Y**: Standard deviation of the gravity acceleration on the Y axis *(m/s^2)*            

14. **tGravityAcc.std.Z**: Standard deviation of the gravity acceleration on the Z axis *(m/s^2)*            

15. **tBodyAccJerk.mean.X**: Mean of the Jerk signal of the body acceleration on the Y axis *(m/s^3)*          

16. **tBodyAccJerk.mean.Y**: Mean of the Jerk signal of the body acceleration on the Y axis *(m/s^3)*           

17. **tBodyAccJerk.mean.Z**: Mean of the Jerk signal of the body acceleration on the Z axis *(m/s^3)*            

18. **tBodyAccJerk.std.X**: Standard deviation of the Jerk signal of the body acceleration on the Y axis *(m/s^3)*            

19. **tBodyAccJerk.std.Y**: Standard deviation of the Jerk signal of the body acceleration on the Y axis *(m/s^3)*            

20. **tBodyAccJerk.std.Z**: Standard deviation of the Jerk signal of the body acceleration on the Z axis *(m/s^3)*            

21. **tBodyGyro.mean.X**: Mean of the angular velocity on the Y axis *(rad/s)*            

22. **tBodyGyro.mean.Y**: Mean of the angular velocity on the Y axis *(rad/s)*             

23. **tBodyGyro.mean.Z**: Mean of the angular velocity on the Z axis *(rad/s)*             

24. **tBodyGyro.std.X**: Standard deviation of the angular velocity on the Y axis *(rad/s)*              

25. **tBodyGyro.std.Y**: Standard deviation of the angular velocity on the Y axis *(rad/s)*              

26. **tBodyGyro.std.Z**: Standard deviation of the angular velocity on the Z axis *(rad/s)*              

27. **tBodyGyroJerk.mean.X**: Mean of the Jerk signal of the angular velocity on the Y axis *(rad/s^2)*         

28. **tBodyGyroJerk.mean.Y**: Mean of the Jerk signal of the angular velocity on the Y axis *(rad/s^2)*        

29. **tBodyGyroJerk.mean.Z**: Mean of the Jerk signal of the angular velocity on the Z axis *(rad/s^2)*        

30. **tBodyGyroJerk.std.X**: Standard deviation of the Jerk signal of the angular velocity on the Y axis *(rad/s^2)*         

31. **tBodyGyroJerk.std.Y**: Standard deviation of the Jerk signal of the angular velocity on the Y axis *(rad/s^2)*         

32. **tBodyGyroJerk.std.Z**: Standard deviation of the Jerk signal of the angular velocity on the Z axis *(rad/s^2)*         

33. **tBodyAccMag.mean**: Mean of the magnitude of the body acceleration *(m/s^2)*  

34. **tBodyAccMag.std**: Standard deviation of magnitude of the body acceleration *(m/s^2)*             

35. **tGravityAccMag.mean**: Mean of the magnitude of the gravity acceleration *(m/s^2)*

36. **tGravityAccMag.std**: Standard deviation of the magnitude of the gravity acceleration *(m/s^2)*

37. **tBodyAccJerkMag.mean**: Mean of the Jerk signal of the magnitude of the body acceleration *(m/s^3)*

38. **tBodyAccJerkMag.std**: Standard deviation of the Jerk signal of the magnitude of the body accelerati
on *(m/s^3)*

39. **tBodyGyroMag.mean**: Mean of the magnitude of the angular velocity *(rad/s)*

40. **tBodyGyroMag.std**: Standard deviation of the magnitude of the angular velocity *(rad/s)*

41. **tBodyGyroJerkMag.mean**: Mean of the Jerk signal of the magnitude of the angular velocity *(rad/s^2)*

42. **tBodyGyroJerkMag.std**: Standard deviation of the Jerk signal of the magnitude of the angular 
velocity *(rad/s^2)*

43. **fBodyAcc.mean.X**: Mean of the Fast Fourier Transform of the body acceleration on the Y axis *(m/s^2)*

44. **fBodyAcc.mean.Y**: Mean of the Fast Fourier Transform of the body acceleration on the Y axis *(m/s^2)*             

45. **fBodyAcc.mean.Z**: Mean of the Fast Fourier Transform of the body acceleration on the Z axis *(m/s^2)*             

46. **fBodyAcc.std.X**: Standard deviation of Fast Fourier Transform of the body acceleration on the Y 
axis *(m/s^2)*            

47. **fBodyAcc.std.Y**: Standard deviation of Fast Fourier Transform of the body acceleration on the Y 
axis *(m/s^2)*              

48. **fBodyAcc.std.Z**: Standard deviation of Fast Fourier Transform of the body acceleration on the Z 
axis *(m/s^2)*              

49. **fBodyAcc.meanFreq.X**: Mean frequency of the Fast Fourier Transform of the body acceleration on the 
Y axis *(Hz)*         

50. **fBodyAcc.meanFreq.Y**: Mean frequency of the Fast Fourier Transform of the body acceleration on the 
Y axis *(Hz)*      

51. **fBodyAcc.meanFreq.Z**: Mean frequency of the Fast Fourier Transform of the body acceleration on the 
Z axis *(Hz)*        

52. **fBodyAccJerk.mean.X**: Mean of the Fast Fourier Transform of the Jerk signal of the body acceleratio
n on the Y axis *(m/s^3)*         

53. **fBodyAccJerk.mean.Y**: Mean of the Fast Fourier Transform of the Jerk signal of the body acceleratio
n on the Y axis *(m/s^3)*         

54. **fBodyAccJerk.mean.Z**: Mean of the Fast Fourier Transform of the Jerk signal of the body acceleratio
n on the Z axis *(m/s^3)*         

55. **fBodyAccJerk.std.X**: Standard deviation of the Fast Fourier Transform of the Jerk signal of the 
body acceleration on the Y axis *(m/s^3)*          

56. **fBodyAccJerk.std.Y**: Standard deviation of the Fast Fourier Transform of the Jerk signal of the 
body acceleration on the Y axis *(m/s^3)*          

57. **fBodyAccJerk.std.Z**: Standard deviation of the Fast Fourier Transform of the Jerk signal of the 
body acceleration on the Z axis *(m/s^3)*          

58. **fBodyAccJerk.meanFreq.X**: Mean frequency of the Fast Fourier Transform of the Jerk signal of the 
body acceleration on the Y axis *(Hz)*     

59. **fBodyAccJerk.meanFreq.Y**: Mean frequency of the Fast Fourier Transform of the Jerk signal of the 
body acceleration on the Y axis *(Hz)*     

60. **fBodyAccJerk.meanFreq.Z**: Mean frequency of the Fast Fourier Transform of the Jerk signal of the 
body acceleration on the Z axis *(Hz)*     

61. **fBodyGyro.mean.X**: Mean of the Fast Fourier Transform of the angular velocity on the Y axis *(rad/s)*            

62. **fBodyGyro.mean.Y**: Mean of the Fast Fourier Transform of the angular velocity on the Y axis *(rad/s)*            

63. **fBodyGyro.mean.Z**: Mean of the Fast Fourier Transform of the angular velocity on the Z axis *(rad/s)*            

64. **fBodyGyro.std.X**: Standard deviation of the Fast Fourier Transform of the angular velocity on the Y 
axis *(rad/s)*             

65. **fBodyGyro.std.Y**: Standard deviation of the Fast Fourier Transform of the angular velocity on the Y 
axis *(rad/s)*             

66. **fBodyGyro.std.Z**: Standard deviation of the Fast Fourier Transform of the angular velocity on the Z 
axis *(rad/s)*             

67. **fBodyGyro.meanFreq.X**: Mean frequency of the Fast Fourier Transform of the angular velocity on the 
Y axis *(Hz)*       

68. **fBodyGyro.meanFreq.Y**: Mean frequency of the Fast Fourier Transform of the angular velocity on the 
Y axis *(Hz)*         

69. **fBodyGyro.meanFreq.Z**: Mean frequency of the Fast Fourier Transform of the angular velocity on the 
Z axis *(Hz)*         

70. **fBodyAccMag.mean**: Mean of the Fast Fourier Transform of the magnitude of the body acceleration *(m/s^2)*            

71. **fBodyAccMag.std**: Standard deviation of the Fast Fourier Transform of the magnitude of the body 
acceleration *(m/s^2)*           

72. **fBodyAccMag.meanFreq**: Mean frequency of the Fast Fourier Transform of the magnitude of the body 
acceleration *(Hz)*        

73. **fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.mean**: Mean of the Fast Fourier Transform of the Jerk signal of the magnitude 
of the body acceleration *(m/s^3)*

74. **fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.std**: Standard deviation of the Fast Fourier Transform of the Jerk signal of 
the magnitude of the body acceleration *(m/s^3)*    

75. **fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.meanFreq**: Mean frequency of the Fast Fourier Transform of the Jerk signal of 
the magnitude of the body acceleration *(Hz)*

76. **fBodyBodyGyroMag.mean**: Mean of the Fast Fourier Transform of the Jerk signal of the magnitude of 
the angular velocity *(rad/s)*

77. **fBodyBodyGyroMag.std**: Standard deviation of the Fast Fourier Transform of the Jerk signal of the 
magnitude of the angular velocity *(rad/s)*      

78. **fBodyBodyGyroMag.meanFreq**: Mean frequency of the Fast Fourier Transform of the Jerk signal of the 
magnitude of the angular velocity *(Hz)*

79. **fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.mean**: Mean of the Fast Fourier Transform of the Jerk signal of the magnitude 
of the angular velocity *(rad/s^2)*

80. **fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.std**: Standard deviation of the Fast Fourier Transform of the Jerk signal of 
the magnitude of the angular velocity *(rad/s^2)*

81. **fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.meanFreq**: Mean frequency of the Fast Fourier Transform of the Jerk signal of 
the magnitude of the angular velocity *(Hz)*